P5-160: Initial abstract (#114)
aau-hcl-p5/main: report/Titelblad.tex

 \end{flushright}
 \begin{flushleft}
  \textbf{Abstract:}\\
    More than ten thousand bird strikes take place every year at airports worldwide, causing damages for more than a billion dollars. 
    In this report, a solution for managing bird strikes through the use of a laser-powered device using machine intelligence will be presented.
    The solution is created using a LEGO NXT kit with the NXTOSEK real-time operating system and a raspberry pi for handling real-time image recognition, including the differences between object tracking, localization and detection.

>     The report explores the theory behind using a camera for image recognition and possibilities to implement machine intelligence for the purpose as well as how schedueling for a real-time system works, and how it can be implemented using the OSEK standard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The report explores the theory behind using a camera for image recognition and possibilities for implementing machine intelligence for the purpose, as well as how schedueling for a real-time system works, and how it can be implemented using the OSEK standard.
```
